Improve 3rd-party Apache SOLR setup in additional-services.md (#2670)
drud/ddev: docs/users/extend/additional-services.md

#### Installation

1. Copy [docker-compose.solr.yaml](https://github.com/drud/ddev/tree/master/pkg/servicetest/testdata/TestServices/docker-compose.solr.yaml) to the .ddev folder for your project.

>     * The recommended Solr version is: `image: solr:8`, from [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com/_/solr/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Solr version can be changed by updating this line `image: solr:8` in `docker-compose.solr.yaml` file.
    * [List of all Solr versions supported](https://hub.docker.com/_/solr/).
```
